[woman over PA]
This will be the final boarding call
for flight two to London, Heathrow.
Okay.
I'm not even going to say it, Kate.
Maybe it'll be like I never left.
Okay?
Wait.
I have a really bad feeling about this.
About the plane?
You think it's gonna crash?
Don't say that.
No. Look, I know that
we've talked about this a thousand times
and we agreed that going to London
was the right thing to do.
But in my heart, this feels wrong.
-Don't go, Jack.
-You mean don't go at all?
Well, what… what about my internship?
Believe me, I know,
I know what an incredible opportunity
this is for you.
-For us, Kate.
-Right, for us.
But I'm afraid
that if you get on that plane--
Look, we're at the airport.
Nobody ever thinks clearly at the airport.
So we should just trust
the decision we already made.
You've been accepted to one of the best
law schools in the country.
I've got this internship
at Barclay's Bank.
We have a great plan, honey.
You wanna do something great, Jack?
Let's flush the plan.
Let's start our lives, right now, today.
I mean, I have no idea
what this life is gonna look like,
but I know that it has
the both of us in it,
and I choose us.
The plan doesn't make us great, Jack.
What we have together,
that's what makes us great.
-I love you, Kate.
-I love you too. I do.
And one year in London
is not gonna change that.
A hundred years couldn't change that.
…economists were predicting
a mild rally in the bond market.
But as yesterday's trading drew
to a close, the profit-takers stepped in
sending all the major indexes
sharply lower,
and creating a note of uncertainty…
-[woman] Last night was incredible.
-Huh?
I said, last night was great.
You are an amazing lover.
Thanks. You're not bad yourself.
-I wanna see you again.
-I'd like that too.
Tonight.
[grunts]
It's Christmas Eve, Jack.
So? I'll pour eggnog over you.
[Paula laughs]
[growls]
I have to go visit my parents
out in Jersey.
Jersey?
Do you have any idea
what the traffic's gonna be like?
That's why I'm taking the train.
It was nice meeting you, Jack.
♪Sempre un amabile ♪
♪ Leggiadro viso ♪
♪ Inpianto o in riso ♪
♪ Emenzognero ♪
♪ La donna e mobil ♪
♪ Qualpiuma al vento ♪
♪ Muta d'accento ♪
♪ Edipensier ♪
[Jack] Bop.
♪ No ♪
[vocalizing]
[imitates guitar playing]
-[elevator dings]
-[vocalizing]
-Mrs. Peterson.
-[Betty] Hello, Jack.
You don't have to stop
singing on my account.
Oh, it's because I'm shy, Betty.
So, when are you gonna leave
that old corpse, Mr. Peterson,
and run away with me?
You know you could never satisfy me
the way he does.
Ah.
[elevator dings]
Merry Christmas, Mr. Campbell.
How did you make out this year, Tony?
Oh, about four grand,
and a bottle of 25-year-old scotch
from 9D.
I'm putting it all
in commercial paper like you said.
Good, but just until
the deutsche mark turns.
-Thank you, Mr. Campbell.
-All right.
[upbeat music]
-Good morning, Joe.
-Merry Christmas, sir.
Campbell wants these available.
Thanks, Adelle.
Better you than me.
If Med Tech shares fall any lower than 43,
we're in trouble
with the stock valuations.
So for god's sake, please,
watch what you say
to your institutional customers.
We still have almost a full day
of trading before zero hour,
and I don't want any trouble.
A penny for your thoughts, Alan?
Hm? Oh, god, I'm sorry.
Jack, I was thinking about,
you know, Dee and the kids.
I promised I'd be home for dinner.
It's Christmas Eve, Jack.
Oh, is that tonight?
[all laugh]
You think I like being
here on Christmas Eve, Alan?
No. Well, maybe.
[all laugh]
Okay.
Okay, maybe I do have a touch
of tunnel vision this holiday season.
But in two days, we're going to announce
one of the largest mergers
in US corporate history.
When a deal like this turns up,
you get on it
and you ride it till it's over.
You don't ask it for a vacation.
December 26.
After that, there'll be so much money
floating around here,
it'll be like Christmas every day.
December 26, people.
If you'd like to celebrate that day,
you all have my blessing.
You're right, Jack. I'm really sorry.
No, I don't want you to be sorry, Alan.
I want you to be excited.
I want my gift to be the first gift
you open this year.
-You know why?
-Why?
Because my gift comes with ten zeros.
-[all laugh]
-You're right. I'm focused. I'm there.
Good man. Everybody, turn to page 12
in your prospectus.
[indistinct chatter]
-Oh, good.
-You have one for me?
You have six messages.
Two of them are imperative.
No, Lois, are you nuts? I'm going home.
I'm not even here now.
-Good night. Merry Christmas.
-Merry Christmas.
It's only 8:30. I'm disappointed.
Got some last-minute shopping to do?
You too?
This holiday's about giving, Adelle.
I'm giving everything I've got
to this deal.
So in a way, I'm more Christmassy
than anybody.
You're my role model, Jack.
-[Adelle] Oh, and Oxford called.
-[Jack] Oh, my suits are ready.
-Mm-hm.
-Care for a Lifesaver?
-No, thank you.
-Help yourself.
"Kate Reynolds."
Her assistant said you could reach her
at home after eight.
Kate Reynolds
was my girlfriend in college.
I almost married her.
[laughs]
You? Married?
Almost married.
-And almost a broker at EF Hutton.
-Excuse me?
She didn't want me to go to London.
We're standing at the airport
saying goodbye, and she asked me to stay.
So you left her.
-Wasn't easy.
-Oh, stop it.
I'm getting all weepy.
I took the road less traveled, Adelle.
And look where it took you.
I'm gonna get this gal on the phone.
-Nope.
-You almost married this woman.
You're not even curious why she called?
She's probably just having
a fit of nostalgia, you know.
Lonely Christmas Eve.
Called the one that got away,
that kind of thing.
Why call her back and mislead her?
This happened a very, very long time ago.
8:35 on Christmas Eve.
Jack Campbell still at his desk.
Now there's a Hallmark moment for you.
Peter, I don't see you
rushing home to trim the tree.
That's because I'm a heartless bastard
who only cares about money.
Well, you know what?
God love you for that.
Got a call from Terry Haight.
Bob Thomas is nervous.
That'll happen when you're about to spend
130 billion dollars on some aspirin.
-[laughs]
-Somebody's gotta nurse him through this.
Why are you staring at my breasts, Peter?
-I need you, tiger.
-Where is he?
Aspen.
Call Aunt Irma and tell her
I won't be able to make it tomorrow.
You're a credit to capitalism, Jack.
Hey, Peter, let me ask you a question.
An old girlfriend calls you
out of the blue on Christmas Eve.
What do you do?
You suddenly having trouble getting dates?
Yeah.
Leave it in the past.
Old flames are like old tax returns…
put 'em in the file cabinet
for three years,
and then you cut 'em lose.
I'll leave from my office
tomorrow in the afternoon.
Call the group.
Schedule an emergency
strategy session for noon.
That'll be a nice little holiday treat.
[somber music]
-Good night, Frank.
-Hey, Mr. Campbell.
Why didn't you call down?
I would have had Joe get you a ride.
-I'm thinking I'll walk tonight.
-It's a nice night for it.
-I'll send your car home for you.
-That'll be fine.
-And Merry Christmas to you, sir.
-You too.
[dreamy music]
Eggnog?
-Yeah, dairy case. Five dollars.
-Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
Yo. Hey, buster.
Y'all do the lotto here, right?
-Y'all do the lotto here? Cool.
-Yeah.
'Cause I got a winner, baby.
I got a winner.
Oh, certified, good as gold.
I know lotto keep a lot of brothers down,
but not Cash Money,
you know what I'm saying?
Don't do me none, son, 'cause I'd be like…
Bang on the lottery! You know what I mean?
[laughs]
It's all good.
Relax, son. Relax. I got you four numbers.
Check it. Bust it, bust it.
"6, 14, 16, 49." That's a winner, son.
238 dollars, B. Cheddar coming.
-Give me my money.
-I'm sorry. Your ticket bad.
You draw in the lines.
What are you talking about, B?
You draw in the lines with a pencil,
I know about this.
Yo, bust it, check the ticket, son.
Check the ticket.
No, you get out.
Yo, you ain't even looked at the ticket.
You looking at me, son. Check the ticket--
You get out now!
You take the ticket somewhere else.
Next customer in line!
-[sighs]
-No, you get out or I call 911.
Oh, my god!
Check the ticket, stupid.
-Look at the ticket.
-[clerk stutters]
[man]
Shit, now I'm gonna make you call God.
That's my word.
You best check that ticket, fool!
Let me see the ticket.
Was I talking to you?
Maybe I'll buy it from you.
You know, make a little business deal.
[ominous music]
Stupid-ass white boy
in a 2,000-dollar suit
gets capped trying to be a hero.
News at 11. That's what you wanna see?
You wanna see Cash up in here?
You want me to set it, son?
Do you wanna die?
[tense music]
Do you want to die?
[in soft voice]
No.
Look, I'm talking about a business deal.
Okay? I buy the ticket from you
for 200 dollars.
I take it to a store
where the guy behind the counter
doesn't have a death wish.
I just made myself a quick 38 dollars.
Like I said, it's…
It's just a business deal.
[scoffs]
All right. Yeah.
All right.
You blew it, B. You blew it.
The ticket was real.
Damn, you had your chance too.
Come on, Jack. Let's get out of here.
How'd you know my name was Jack?
I call all you guys Jack.
[Cash] Here. Nice doing business with you.
Hey. Hey, um…
What do you want to carry
that gun around for anyway?
You're just gonna wind up
doing something you regret.
You're talking to the wrong person
about regrets, Jack.
I mean, there must be programs out there
and opportunities.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Are you actually trying to save me?
[laughs]
This is bananas.
This man thinks I need to be saved, yo!
Well, everybody needs something.
Yeah? Well, what do you need, Jack?
-Me?
-You just said, everybody needs something.
I got everything I need.
Wow. It must be great being you.
I'm not saying that you'd be able
to do it without some hard work,
some honest hard work,
and possibly some medicine.
[laughs]
You know, I'm gonna really enjoy this.
You just remember that you did this,
Jack, okay?
You brought this on yourself.
Merry Christmas.
[laughs]
[light music]
[keys jingle]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[light music]
Mm, ten more minutes, Jack.
[grunts]
It's Christmas.
♪ Jingle bells, Santa smells
Rudolph laid an egg ♪
♪ La, la, la ♪
Never mind.
Who's here?
-Rise and shine.
-[dog barking]
Don't you think we should open
some presents? Come on!
I think maybe you should give Mama
-five more minutes in bed.
-Come on, Dad. Get up!
-Can we do that?
-[baby cries]
-It's Christmas! It's Christmas!
-[Kate] Look…
-Your sister's jumping on the bed.
-[Annie] Let's go downstairs.
[Kate] What is this dog doing on the bed?
-He needs to get off this bed.
-[baby cries]
Did Santa come?
-I don't know. We'll see if Santa came.
-Let's go see the presents.
You wanna get some presents?
Just a minute.
Mommy just needs to wake up. Jack.
Strong coffee.
[playful music]
[door chimes]
Oh, Jack. Merry Christmas, dear.
Lorraine. Ed.
Hey, Jack, you old bird dog.
Merry Christmas to you.
Talk to him, Jack.
One day a year away from the Ponderosa.
-I don't think that's asking too much.
-[Ed] This is who I am.
Tell her, Jack, for god's sake.
You're the only one around here
that gets me.
-I need some eggnog.
-'Course you do, sweet thing.
-It's almost eight o'clock in the morning.
-Excuse me.
Where you going, Jack?
[playful music]
-Josh, Annie, giddy up!
-Where's my car?
-Where's my Ferrari? Where's my Ferrari?
-What?
What the hell are you talking…
What's he talking about?
You got a Ferrari?
Let me borrow your car
and then I promise I'll have it returned.
My Caddy? Drive your own damn car!
Oh, just let him borrow
your precious Cadillac, for god's sake.
There's a perfectly good minivan
sitting out there in the driveway. Here!
What the hell's wrong with him anyway?
[upbeat music]
[engine starting]
[engine revs]
-Tony, thank god!
-Sorry, pal.
Entrance is for residents and guests only.
What? What are you talking about?
Jack Campbell, penthouse C.
What's the matter with you?
-Uh-huh.
-Mrs. Peterson.
I think there's something wrong
with our man Tony here.
Who is this man?
Oh, come on. What is going on
with you two this morning?
Is this like…
[scoffs]
…a Christmas joke?
"Who is this man?"
Well, we're on the co-op board
together, Betty.
And we fought side by side
for garbage disposals.
And every morning we exchange
quasi-sexual witty banter.
-Okay?
-Shall I call the cops?
-I'm gonna call the cops.
-No, I'm gonna call the cops!
-You're scaring me.
-No, no, no.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for not calling the cops.
Now, I'm going upstairs,
I'm gonna get some sleep,
-and I'll be fine.
-Sleep you shall.
Noblesse oblige isn't dead.
Not yet anyway.
Let's… Let's get you some help.
Surely there's a shelter
somewhere in the city.
A shelter?
Hey, hey, are you smacked
out of your head?
I'm the richest man in this building!
I've got twice
the square footage you have!
-And I'm going upstairs!
-Take a walk, pal.
Oh, not cool. Not cool!
You wanna get cute? Get cute.
I'm gonna go to my office.
I'm gonna file a complaint
to the manager of this building.
I'm gonna have you fired, Tony.
And, Mrs. Peterson, you're on notice
with the co-op board.
So you better just stop
whatever this is that you're doing!
[engine sputtering]
[Jack] Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Oh, come on!
[engine starts]
[ominous music]
Frank, you won't believe
what's been happening to me.
-Is Adelle here yet? Where's Mintz?
-Hold it right there.
The building is closed, pal.
You have to come back tomorrow.
Frank, why do I feel
the need to remind you
that I'm Jack Campbell,
president of the company?
Look, I don't care who you are.
It's Christmas, and like I told you,
the building is closed.
I don't think you heard me correctly.
I'm Jack Campbell.
Jack Campbell!
President!
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
Have a nice holiday, man.
[tires screech]
[grandiose music]
-That's my car!
-Hi, Jack.
You stole my car!
I know this whole thing
is really bizarre to you
and you're feeling quite shocked,
but just hop in.
I'll explain everything to you, okay?
Come on.
You're probably gonna
wanna buckle up, Jack.
This thing moves.
[tires screech]
-What's happening to me?
-Breathe into the bag, Jack.
-[groans]
-This kind of thing
makes a lot of guys have to throw up.
I've seen it happen before, okay?
So if you feel the urge,
you roll down the window
-and do it out there.
-[retching]
Try not to get so worked up, Jack, okay?
After all, you brought this on yourself.
Brought what on myself?
I didn't do anything!
"I got everything I need."
That sound familiar?
You mean 'cause you thought I was cocky,
I'm now on a permanent acid trip?
Bag yourself, Jack.
[engine revving]
[screaming]
Oh, my god! Ah!
The way you intervened
in that store last night,
you did a good thing there, Jack.
I mean, it was incredibly impressive.
-All the way to the upper echelons
-Oh, god!
of the organization, let me tell you.
Please just tell me what's happening to me
in plain English without the mumbo-jumbo!
-This is a glimpse, Jack.
-A glimpse?
I… A glimpse of what?
You're gonna have
to figure that out for yourself
-you have plenty of time.
-How much time?
As much time as it takes,
which in your case
is probably gonna be considerable.
Okay, look, look. I… I…
I just want my life back, okay?
Now, what's it gonna take?
You wanna talk turkey?
Let's talk turkey. How much money?
It doesn't work like that,
and I can't tell you why.
Why not?
Because you have to figure
this thing out for yourself.
-Are you listening to me?
-Figure it out, figure it out.
Figure out what?
-Let it come to you, man.
-I don't have time for this right now.
I'm in the middle of a deal.
Well, you're working
on a new deal now, baby.
[tires screech]
-What's this?
-Open it.
What is it, some kind of a signal?
Will you come whenever I ring it?
Now you gotta get out of the car, Jack.
-But what do I do?
-I'm sorry.
I just can't spend any more time with you.
I got some other business
I gotta take care of.
No. You… did this to me.
You can't just leave me like this.
[sighs]
Okay. Look, you wanna get some air?
Let's get outside, get some air.
We'll walk and I'll explain
everything to you, okay?
-Thanks, man.
-Sure.
[engine revs]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[rattling]
[window squeaks]
Excuse me.
Do you know where Merrison Street is?
[laughs]
-Jeannie. I found Jack.
-Oh, there you are, stranger.
Where you been?
You look terrible.
Truth is, I expected you.
Kate called and asked
if I knew where you were, so…
Oh, I know, I put the Barcalounger
in the center of the room.
It's throwing everybody off.
What do you think?
It's a great room. Great room.
You and me, buddy,
we know how to live, huh?
Come on.
Come on, Jack. Come on…
Whoo!
[laughs]
Come on, buddy. Take your seat.
Are you okay?
I mean, you take off Christmas morning
and you don't tell anyone
where you're going.
We're friends?
Talk to me.
[breathes loudly]
I'm having kind of a bad day.
You know, I read somewhere that the
suicide rate doubles during the holidays.
What am I saying that for?
You don't wanna hear that. What?
Is it… Is it trouble at work?
I… I don't think so.
Well, it's not Kate, is it?
You see, huh?
It's like we're inside each other's heads.
-Kate's my wife.
-[Arnie laughs]
Just keep saying it over
and over again, Jack.
Like a mantra. Keep saying it.
[grunts softly]
Look, you know,
you fit the profile exactly.
In your 30s, house, kids,
financial responsibilities.
You start thinking,
this isn't the life I dreamt about.
Where's the romance, you know?
Where's the joie de vivre?
Suddenly, every lingerie ad
in the Newark Star-Ledger
represents a life that you can't have.
[dog barks]
It's just two kids, right?
[laughs]
Come on. Come on.
All right, sometimes it feels
like you gave up the whole world.
I know that. But look what you got.
Look at that. Four bedrooms,
two-and-a-half baths,
a partially finished basement.
And good kids. Look. You know what?
You probably don't wanna
hear this right now.
But do you remember last summer
when I almost had that thing
with Arnie Junior's speech therapist?
You remember what you said to me?
You said, "Don't screw up
the best thing in your life
just because you're a little unsure
about who you are."
Okay?
Go get 'em, tiger.
[light music]
[pensive music]
Could you hold on a second?
[exhales sharply]
Wait.
Um, never mind because…
because he just walked in.
Thank you. Thank you.
[sniffles]
[phone beeps]
Do you… have any idea
what you put us through today?
[sniffs]
You walk out of here
at 7:30 in the morning.
You don't tell me where you're going,
or even that you're going.
And I don't see you till hours later?
I called all of our friends,
I had the state troopers looking for you,
I was on the phone with the hospital,
for god's sake.
What kind of man leaves his family
on Christmas morning
without a word about where he's going?
-What kind of a man does that, Jack?
-I don't know…
Could you…
Could you please stop yelling at me?
-Where were you?
-I was in the city.
The city? New York City?
-Yeah.
-Why?
[sighs]
-Because that's where I live.
-Don't start, Jack. Don't.
Look, you don't understand.
I… woke up this morning here.
And this is very strange because…
this isn't my house.
[groans]
And those aren't my kids. I'm not Dad.
I… I'm not a dad. You're not my wife.
You know what, Jack.
It's not funny this time
because I am really mad.
I mean, really mad. I mean it.
I don't even--
-[bell ringing]
-[Kate splutters]
-What…
-[bell ringing]
What's that?
[chuckles]
I like it. Thanks, Dad.
That's mine. Hey, I need that back.
She took my bell.
You missed the whole thing.
The pancakes and the presents.
You spent six hours
putting that bike together for Annie
and then you didn't even
get to see the look on her face
when she opened it.
You missed Christmas, Jack.
I'm sorry.
[sniffles]
You know, we don't even
have time for this.
And at least you're okay.
I'm okay, we're okay.
But you've gotta get dressed
for the Thompson party.
And you are not wearing that.
I don't care how hilarious
you think it is.
Party? No, I'm not going to a party.
You look forward to this party all year.
What is it with you today?
Believe me, Kate. I really don't think
that going to a party
is the right move for me
at the present time.
Okay, fine. You know what?
Then you just do whatever you wanna do.
What are you doing?
Telling my mother that she doesn't have
to stay with the kids.
-Why not?
-Because you'll be here.
I'll be ready in ten minutes.
[sighs]
This is… This is just subpar.
[receding footsteps]
[Christmas music playing]
♪ Oh, the weather outside is frightful ♪
-[dog barking]
-[Evelyn] Mary, Lance, here you go.
-[doorbell rings]
-Excuse me.
♪ Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow ♪
♪ It doesn't show signs of stopping ♪
-Kate. Jack.
-Evelyn.
Come in. Hey, everybody,
Kate and Jack are here.
-Hey!
[Kate] Jeanie.
[exhales]
-Merry Christmas.
Jack, Merry Christmas.
Whoops. [laughs]
Here.
-So, like the dress?
-Oh, it's lovely.
I thought I saw you notice it
at the kids' recital.
It's lovely. It's lovely.
♪ And, my dear, we're still goodbye-ing ♪
♪ But as long as you'd love me so ♪
♪ Let it snow, let it snow, and snow ♪
There he is. Hey, Jack.
-Happy holidays, man.
-Yeah.
[Arnie] Jack, come on over.
Hey, Jack. Cheers, baby.
You guys see Van Horn last night?
-Oh, beautiful.
-Thirty-two points.
That kid's gonna take the Nets
to the championship.
The Nets? Are you kidding me? They suck.
But they're due. They're certainly due.
So, tomorrow's the big day, Jackie.
Okay. Why?
My triple bypass.
[scoffs]
I'm going under the knife tomorrow.
I told you that, right?
-Triple bypass.
-Yeah.
You really think
you should be eating all that?
Figure I'm going in
for a cleaning tomorrow.
Might as well load up
on the fried stuff tonight, right?
That's good thinking, Bill.
Have another drink, you know.
-Some fried pork, mashed potatoes.
-He'll be dead by morning.
[laughs]
-How 'bout a cigar, Jack?
-Oh, no, thank you, I'm cutting down.
Come on. They're American made, not Cuban.
-Oh, really?
-Yeah. Come on.
-Very nice.
-I thought you'd like 'em.
Mm. Mm!
Superb.
-How 'bout you, Arnie?
-I'm all right. Thanks.
Mm. Finger food?
No, thank you. I'm fine.
Come on. As soon as I put 'em down,
you gotta grab a couple.
-You always do.
-No, I'm okay. I'm okay.
-Let me. They will melt in your mouth.
-[grunts]
Yeah.
[giggles]
[gags]
-Good?
-Fabulous.
At the end of this whole thing,
she made me
this hand-embroidered sweater. I…
-[Kate] It was really lovely.
-[woman 1] Oh, how nice.
[Kate] So I'm slipping it on
and I notice that she's misspelled
-the word lawyers.
-Uh-oh.
I spent the entire day walking around
with a sweater that said,
"Nonprofit Layers Do It For Free."
[all laughing]
-[woman 1] I love it.
-So you're a lawyer?
A nonprofit lawyer? Pro bono.
[coughs, laughs]
You don't get paid at all?
Nobody makes a dime?
Jack.
Anyhoo…
-[door chimes]
-[dog barks]
[Kate quivering]
I better go wake my mom. There you go.
Uh, I don't think so.
-She's your dog, Jack.
-No, she's not.
[sighs]
You're right. She's the kids' dog.
Maybe we should go wake Josh
and make him walk her.
[panting]
If you could take a dump sometime
in this century,
then we could go home, where it's warm.
If I can even remember how to get home.
You remember, don't you, girl?
[panting]
[playful music]
[sighs]
[relieved sigh]
-[kid giggling]
-[baby crying]
[baby continues crying]
Hello?
♪ Am I hard enough, am I rough enough ♪
[Kate] ♪Am I rich enough ♪
-Hello?
-♪ I'm not too blind to see ♪
-Hey!
-What?
["Beast of Burden"
by The Rolling Stones continues playing]
That baby's crying.
And?
Don't give me that look, Jack.
Tuesday's your day and you know it.
And listen, try and get Josh
to day care on time, okay?
[Kate] ♪ You're a pretty, pretty, pretty♪
♪ Such a pretty girl ♪
[Josh squeals]
Yeah.
[Josh coos]
-All right.
-[snaps]
-[Josh coos]
-[gasps]
Holy Mother of God!
Oh!
[Josh cooing]
[rattling]
Ah!
[sighs]
[Josh farts]
[Josh giggling]
You're not really my dad, are you?
No, I'm not.
I work on Wall Street, you know,
with the big buildings.
I live in an apartment with a doorman.
And I can buy almost anything I want.
This isn't my life. It's just a glimpse.
Where's my real dad?
I don't know. But don't worry.
He loves you, and I'm sure
he'll be back very soon.
[whimsical music]
What are you doing?
They did a pretty good job.
Who did?
The aliens in the mother ship.
You look just like him.
Oh, thanks.
Slightly better looking though, right?
Oh, no, you're not gonna
start crying, are you?
I don't think I could
really deal with that right now.
Do you like kids?
On a case by case basis.
Do you know how to make chocolate milk?
I think I could figure it out.
Promise you won't kidnap me and my brother
and plant stuff in our brains?
Sure.
[sighs]
Welcome to Earth.
♪ We're going to the zoo, zoo, zoo ♪
♪ Look at all the crocodiles
Swimming in the… ♪
This is where babies go
when their parents are at work.
Check.
Just push the red button.
Okay.
[Jack grunts]
-Do I get a receipt or something?
-[Josh gurgling]
I have winter camping
till 4:00 and ballet class until 5:30.
-5:30. Okay.
-And try not to be late
'cause kids don't like to be
the last one picked up.
Got it. Good tip.
-Bye.
[car door closes]
-Hey, Annie. Where do I go now?
-Big Ed's.
Big Ed's Tires? Why?
-'Cause you work there.
-You mean I sell tires?
That's what I do. I'm a tire salesman.
[suspenseful music]
Good lord!
-Morning, Jack.
-Hi.
-Good morning, Jack.
Hey, Jack.
Jack, my boy.
Hey, guess who I played bridge with
two nights ago.
Hell, you'll never guess.
One Sydney Potter.
That's Sydney Potter,
CEO BuyRite Transport.
Only the third biggest
trucking outfit in the state.
Anyhoo, he's looking
for a new parts supplier.
We can handle volume like that,
now can't we, Jack?
I'm gonna have to get back
to you on that, Ed.
Right on.
[clicks tongue]
Excuse me. Uh, do I…
Do I have a private office
somewhere in the building?
[laughs]
Sure, Jack.
Where is it?
Oh, uh, it's…
It's right back… right back there.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
-[groans]
-[chair squeaks]
[sighs]
Oh, no.
You must've needed this every day.
[exhales]
What are you smiling about?
'88?
I was in London in 1988.
You never went to London.
[woman over intercom] Jack, you're needed
in mag wheels, customer waiting.
I was the number one
junior sales associate
for EF Hutton in 1988.
Oh.
-Did you know that?
-Uh, no. No, I didn't. That's great.
That's the kind of thing
you could really build on, you know.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
I mean, sales has always been a feeder
for M and A.
-Always.
-Uh-huh.
Oh, well, look, here we are.
The mag wheels. Mag wheels.
-Oh.
-So…
Hey, Jack, um, are you sure you're okay?
Well, I'm just a little confused right now
about why I work here.
Uh…
[sighs]
I just started here last Tuesday, so…
[female anchor] The closing tick
was a mildly bullish plus 76.
Much of the market's action today
was fueled by the latest round
of merger mania to hit Wall Street
when Global Health Systems
and Med Tech Pharmaceutical
announced their intentions to join forces
in a massive 122 billion-dollar
stock swap deal,
the largest ever
in the health care industry.
When asked about the possible
anti-competitive implications,
Global chairman Bob Thomas
referred reporters to PK Lassiter
and Company president Alan Mintz,
the original architect behind the deal.
-That's my deal!
-[female anchor] Ironically,
Mintz first met Thomas at a Lamaze class.
-What?
-While coaching their pregnant wives,
Mintz and Thomas struck up a dialog,
and two months later,
the deal with Med Tech was born.
He wasn't the architect!
I'm the architect!
Labor department officials announced today
that 275,000 new jobs
were created last month.
The kids are asleep.
[giggles]
The kids, hon. Honey.
-Sweetheart, I said the kids are asleep.
-That's just great.
Those little monkeys
can be a real handful.
Hey, I was watching that.
Not tonight.
[pants, giggles]
-Please leave my socks alone.
-[giggles]
[sexy music]
[panting]
-[Jack] Wait.
-[giggles]
-You want me.
-That is the general idea, yeah.
Oh, well, maybe we should
grab a bottle of wine first.
-[laughs]
-Kind of break the ice.
Yeah, that's very funny. Look, it's 10:30.
By eleven o'clock,
you're gonna be snoring like a monster,
but that's very sweet.
-I'll remember that for next time.
-Okay.
-Whatever you say, honey.
-[giggles]
Yeah.
♪ Strange what desire
Will make foolish people do ♪
♪ I never dreamed
That I'd need somebody like you ♪
[both panting]
Oh, god, you're beautiful.
Thanks, Jack.
No, I'm serious.
You're really stunning.
This is good stuff.
I want you to keep this up.
You were always a very pretty girl
in college, no question about that.
But this…
[exhales]
You've really grown
into a beautiful woman.
How can you do that?
What?
Look at me like you haven't seen me
every day for the last 13 years.
Okay, wait. Don't move. Don't look.
Stay right there.
[giggling]
I got something.
♪ The world was on fire
No one could save me but you ♪
Good night, sweetheart.
♪ Strange what desire
Will make foolish people do ♪
[light music]
-Okay, we're almost out of here.
-Mary Janes, Mommy. You promised.
That's right. I did promise.
Okay, all right.
We're gonna stop
at the kids' shoe department first
and then I gotta pick up my watch
in the battery store.
And then I'm gonna go to the linen store.
Why don't we go to all the stores?
Every single store
in this god forsaken shopping mall.
Wouldn't that be exciting?
You know what? Why don't I take the kids,
and you just stay here and hang out
in the men's department?
Come on, hon. Come on.
It's perfect for your frame.
Why don't you try it on?
I might want to take
an inch out of the back.
Okay.
Lengthen the sleeve.
You look amazing in that suit.
I mean, really, wow!
Off the charts, great.
[laughs]
It's an unbelievable thing.
Wearing this suit actually makes me feel
like a better person.
I'm gonna buy it.
It's 2, 400 dollars.
Are you out of your mind?
Come on, let's go.
She got those shoes.
Those shoes were 25 dollars.
Come on. Take it off, all right?
We'll go to the food court
and get one of those
funnel cakes you like.
Daddy's a crazy guy.
No.
[in soft voice]
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
Excuse me?
I wake up in the morning
covered in dog saliva.
I drop the kids off,
spend eight hours selling tires retail.
Retail, Kate.
I pick the kids up, walk the dog,
which, by the way, carries the added bonus
of carting away her monstrous crap.
I play with the kids,
take out the garbage,
get six hours of sleep if I'm lucky.
And then everything starts all over again.
So what's in it for me?
Where are my Mary Janes?
You know, it's sad to hear that your life
is such a disappointment to you.
I can't believe
it isn't a disappointment to you!
Jesus, Kate, I could
have been a thousand times
the man I became!
I could have been one of the richest…
Forbes…
How could you do this to me?
How could you let me give up
on my dreams like this?
Really, I want to know.
Who are you?
All right, look. I'm sorry.
[coughs]
I'm sorry I was such a saint before
and I'm such a prick now!
But maybe I'm just not the same guy
that I was when we got married.
You know what? Maybe you're not.
Because the Jack Campbell
I married would not need
a 2,400-dollar suit
to feel better about his life!
But I'm telling you,
if that's what it's gonna take,
then buy it.
Jesus!
We 'll take the money
out of the kids' college fund.
Forget it. We'll get a funnel cake.
It'll be the highlight of my week.
Listen, I'm really sorry
about that back in the store.
I don't want to fight with you.
I just sometimes wonder
how we ended up here, you know?
I mean, back in college,
did you see us here?
Life has thrown us a few surprises,
I'll give you that.
It really has, hasn't it?
Yeah. So, if you had to,
what would you say
was the biggest surprise?
Just out of curiosity. I'm just asking.
-Well, Annie, for one.
-Surprise, we're pregnant.
[laughs]
Yeah, that must have been.
I mean, that… that was.
That was a very unexpected moment.
But what are you gonna do? Hm?
I think it turned out all right,
don't you?
Yeah. I really like Annie.
Well, good, Jack. Maybe we'll keep her.
-No, I love her. I love Annie.
-[mutters]
I'm just…
We had a lot of good times, didn't we?
Do you remember the place
on Charles Street where we used to go?
Charles Street?
In the village?
When we were living in Greenwich Village.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Great times.
Great place.
Why did we ever leave?
You can't really raise a kid
in an apartment in the village.
Then there was the whole trek
out to the hospital.
That didn't help either.
You were great. I mean,
surviving the heart attack was one thing.
-You had a heart attack?
-Hey, Jack, stop that.
'Cause I am… I'm still mad at you.
Who knows what would have happened
if you hadn't stepped in at the store?
That's why I work for Big Ed.
That's why I work for Big Ed. Yeah.
So we had a baby,
Big Ed had a heart attack.
Bought that house,
and I've been working for him ever since.
Sayonara, Wall Street.
Our life in a nutshell.
If you want to look at it that way.
How would you look at it?
A great success story.
-What do you say, Jack?
-Show 'em how to do it, baby.
Jack, we need a strike.
-Damn!
-Jesus, Jack. What are you doing?
It's a league match, all right?
Where's your follow through?
Where's your stance?
You know what? I'm doing the best I can.
[Arnie] It's okay, Jack.
Yeah, it's all right.
Why am I so competitive all the time?
-You can still pick up that spare.
-[Bill] You're doing good.
-You can do it.
-Crack 'em, Jack.
Here we go. Hurt 'em.
[overlapping dialogue]
You're Jack Campbell.
You're better than the sport.
You shot the rapids in Kanai.
You ran with the bulls at Pamplona.
You've jumped out of an airplane
over the Mojave Desert, for Christ's sake.
You can do this. You can do this.
[rumbling]
[clatters]
Yes! Victorious!
[laughing]
Huh? All right!
High five!
-You're up, Slick.
-Go get 'em.
[light music]
[indistinct chatter]
Hi, Jack.
-Evelyn, right?
-[laughs]
Very funny.
I saw you on lane 20.
You got the flu or something?
Something like that, yeah.
Need a nurse?
Are you a nurse?
If that's what you want.
[giggles]
Hey, wait a minute.
Um, don't run away.
Are we…
-Are we what, Jack?
-Well…
Is there something going on between us?
Are we finally being honest?
It would help me if we were.
Okay. You're right.
We've been dancing around this for years.
[sighs]
Here goes.
When I get dressed for a party,
and I know you're gonna be there,
let's just say I don't go strapless
because my husband likes it.
I've got six sets of snow tires piled up
in my garage
and I won't even drive in the snow.
And our kids just happen to be
in the same ballet class every year.
So, if you're asking whether I'd like it
to be more,
the answer's yes.
Kate would never have to know.
Do I have your number?
Steve's out of town
with the kids this weekend.
Why don't you just stop by?
Hey, Jack. You're all flushed.
-I feel good.
-Guess that 71 took a lot out on you.
No. I just saw Evelyn Thompson.
She's relentless.
She wants to have an affair with me.
-She said that?
-Pretty much.
[both laugh]
-What is it about you?
-So…
If you would write
her exact address down there.
-You have a pen? Please.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on one second.
You're not actually thinking
about cheating on Kate, are you?
Well, it wouldn't really
be cheating, Arnie.
It's complicated.
Maybe I haven't been as good a consigliere
as you've been to me, okay.
But you hear me out on this, okay.
A little flirtation is harmless,
but you're dealing with fire here,
all right, man.
The Fidelity Bank and Trust
is a tough creditor.
You make a deposit somewhere else,
they close your account…
forever, all right?
Arnie, I don't want your head to explode,
but I'm telling you,
those rules don't apply to me.
I… I'm not even…
I'm not talking about rules, Jack,
all right. I'm talking about…
You're…
There isn't a guy in Union County
who wouldn't give his left nut
to be with Kate, all right?
She's amazing,
and you're gonna fuck it up.
Just think about that, all right?
[chair creaks]
Hey, honey. How was the game?
Long and boring and generally pretty sad.
[Jack] Arnie seemed to enjoy it.
Sort of.
Hey, where's that chocolate cake?
-Do you mean this chocolate cake?
-That's my piece.
I was saving it because I got nauseated
by that precooked mini-mall
rotisserie chicken.
[moaning]
It's good.
-Give me that cake.
-No way.
-Come on.
-I'm sorry.
It's too important to me.
-[chair squeaks]
-[plates clatter]
[giggles, pants]
Ta-da!
[Kate squeals, giggles]
-[Jack] I want that cake!
-[giggling]
-You want this cake?
-I want it.
[both giggle]
-Thank you.
-[laughs]
-It's good, right?
-Mm-hm.
-[gasps]
-[laughs]
Oh, god!
-Are the kids asleep?
-[breathes deeply]
-Mm-hm.
-Oh.
[giggles]
Mm.
[both moaning and panting]
[in soft voice]
Say it to me, Jack.
What?
You know what I like to hear.
I know, baby.
I know what you like to hear.
[moaning]
Then tell me. Tell me, tell me.
You're a bad girl, baby.
You make me so hot.
What?
Not it?
Nice, Jack.
[grumbles]
-What?
-Sweeping me off my feet.
You make me hot.
[light music]
What do you say, everyone?
This is a little birthday party for Katie.
[both] Happy birthday, Kate.
[Arnie]
Good to see you kids still together.
Hello, kids.
-Happy birthday, Kate.
-Look at that. Very exciting.
-Evelyn, you're tremendous.
-Thank you.
Look what happens when I do that.
-Jack? The man.
-Yes. Yes.
[Arnie] Do you have anything
to say to your lovely wife
on the day of her birth?
You happy she was born?
-Hey, hey! Uh, today's your birthday?
-[Kate laughing]
-That's funny, Jack.
-Well, you know what? Um…
Wow, your birthday. It's… You're my wife.
-You are my wife. Today is your birthday.
-[Kate laughs]
Well, actually, I do have one thing
that I wanna say to you.
[Arnie laughs]
And god, I hope you like it.
Bill?
[piano playing]
-Oh, no.
-[Arnie] Yes. You hit it, Bill.
You wore that shirt last year,
by the way. Just so you know.
♪ Many guys have come to you ♪
-♪ With a line that wasn't true ♪
-[groans]
♪ And you passed them by ♪
♪ Passed them by ♪
♪ Now you're in the centering
And their lines don't mean a thing ♪
♪ Why don't you let me try ♪
-♪ Let me try ♪
-[laughs]
♪ Now, I don't wear a diamond ring ♪
♪ I don't even have a song to sing ♪
♪ All I know is la-la-la ♪
♪ Means I love you ♪
♪ La-la-la ♪
[all] Aw!
[woman 2] Sweet.
[piano playing]
♪ The things I am saying are true♪
♪ And the way I explain it to you ♪
[man] Get down, Jack.
♪ To you ♪
♪ Listen to me la-la-la ♪
♪ Means I love you ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ La-la-la ♪
♪ Means I love you ♪
-Happy birthday, sweetheart.
-[all cheer]
-Yeah.
-[all cheering]
[Arnie] Yeah, Jack!
There's love in the air.
He loves her. It's official. There's love.
[light music]
Mm.
[dog grumbles]
[alarm clock ringing]
Mm. Come on, it's time to get up, honey.
Go.
[grunts]
Good morning, Joshie.
[groans]
[coughs]
Happy anniversary, honey.
Now, listen, before you do
whatever crazy stunt you got planned,
I want you to open mine first.
Maybe I should wait.
No! Come on! Come on, come on, come on.
-Open it!
-[rustling]
Zeena?
I found it at an outlet store.
Look, I know it's a knock off,
but I think it's gonna look great on you.
You…
Oh, enjoy it, sweetheart.
[pants]
[giggles]
Uh…
Yeah. You're probably expecting
something from me.
Um, here's the thing.
[sighs]
I hadn't really planned
on giving you your anniversary gift
until tonight.
You know, anniversary's good all day.
What are you talking about?
You can never wait all day.
You can't even wait till it's light out.
Come on!
I know. I know. That's me. It's true.
-[giggles]
-And… But, um…
[laughs]
It's funny. I…
-You forgot.
-I…
You actually forgot our anniversary.
I'll fix it. I'll go out right now
and I'll get you something.
I'll make it right.
Let me know if there's enough chocolate
in there, sweetheart.
-Mm, not bad.
-Good.
I should have warned you.
Dad always does something really special
for their anniversary.
-Like what?
-One year he had a star named after her.
He had a star named after her?
Well, that's nice,
but isn't that a little corny?
Mom liked it.
Maybe there's a jewelry store at the mall.
I can pick her up a pair of earrings
or something.
That's good, but…
you did forget the anniversary.
That's right.
That is a major oversight. Okay, okay.
So, if I'm Kate,
I can't afford the finer things.
My husband's career is definitely
a crushing disappointment to me.
I'm trapped in suburbia.
Did he ever take her to the city?
Now you're getting the hang of it.
[light music]
Jack, can we afford this place?
I'm taking my baby out
for our anniversary, damn the costs.
Bonsoir, bienvenu a Loire.
We'll have the terrine of quail breast
with shitake mushrooms to start.
Then the veal medallions
in raspberry truffle sauce.
And the sea scallops
with pureed artichoke hearts.
Very good, sir. And may I say,
those are all excellent selections.
You may.
[laughs]
Also, we'll have a bottle of Lafite, '82.
Honey, that's an 800-dollar
bottle of wine.
We'll just have some red wine
by the glass.
You are so not off the hook yet, Slick.
But I'm getting close, right?
You wanna dance?
I don't think there's dancing here, Jack.
Sure, there is. Come on.
[soft piano music]
[giggles]
Not bad for a tire salesman
from New Jersey.
I have my moments.
You gotta try one of these.
[moans]
-God, I miss that taste.
-[chuckles]
I need to tell you something.
-Okay.
-[sighs]
I think it may help us,
but there's a slight chance
it could make things worse.
I'm living someone else's…
[sighs]
I feel like I'm living
someone else's life.
I remember I used to walk to work, and…
I had a warm bialy in my hand,
and a hot cup of coffee
from Dean & DeLuca,
the crisp feeling
of The Wall Street Journal,
the smell of leather from my briefcase.
I used to be so sure
about everything, confident.
You know, I knew exactly who I was…
and what I wanted.
And then one morning, I woke up…
and suddenly it was all different.
-Worse, do you mean?
-No.
Well, maybe a few things,
but mostly just different.
And it's okay.
But I never used to be like this, Kate.
I was the guy who had it all figured out.
I had no doubts. I had no regrets.
And now?
Now I don't.
I don't have it all figured out.
Me neither.
But you always seem so certain.
Do you think there aren't mornings
where I wake up and wonder,
"What the hell am I doing in New Jersey?"
-Yeah.
-My office is a dump.
I answer my own phone,
and you seen my paycheck.
Your paycheck is a disgrace to paychecks.
[laughs]
Can you imagine a life
where everything was just easy?
You know, like where you ask for things,
and then people just bring it to you.
-It's wonderful.
-[both laugh]
I think about it too.
I do.
I wonder about what kind of life
I would have had if I hadn't married you.
And?
And then I realize I've just erased
all the things in my life
that I'm sure about.
-You and the kids.
-Good things.
Yeah.
What are you sure about?
I'm sure that right now,
there's nowhere else
I'd rather be than here with you.
[romantic music]
[giggling]
Oh.
Oh, Jack.
-You like it?
-Oh…
This is beautiful.
-[champagne bottle pops]
-[Kate gasps, giggles]
You know champagne
makes me do crazy things.
-[giggles]
-I'll just fill yours up to the top.
[exhales]
I don't know how you did it, Hoss,
but you pulled it off.
-I'm out of the doghouse?
-[giggles]
Way out.
Happy anniversary, sweetheart.
You may even get lucky tonight, Jack.
You're so beautiful.
I already told you
you were gonna get lucky.
My god.
All this time,
I never stopped loving you.
[whispers]
That's all I wanted to hear.
[romantic music]
[violin playing]
[humming]
I'm gonna wear the usual today.
What are you thinking?
You want to come to work with Dad,
help me sell some tires?
It's fun. I'm pretty good at it.
Who's this? Who's that? Who is that?
Who's on that tie?
That's Grandpa.
-[Josh babbles]
-Yes.
[upbeat music]
Jack!
[Kate moans]
Have a great day.
For the money, this is hands down
the best radial we carry.
Okay. I guess I'll take 'em.
You won't regret it. Tommy.
Would you set Mr. Collin up
with four BF Goodrich G-Force TAs?
And give him ten percent off
for having the best costume.
-Oh, thank you.
-You bet.
Right this way, sir. Follow me.
Tell me, does the tire smoke a little?
[woman over PA]
Remember our Valentine's Day Special!
Balance and alignment for free!
-[machines whirring]
-[indistinct chatter]
-Hey. How are you doing today?
-It just blew out on me.
Do you have a tire like that?
I seem to have
some sort of a blowout here.
Why don't you let me take this one, Kenny?
Okay, Chief.
Peter Lassiter.
-Do I know you?
-Not exactly.
I've seen you on CNBC.
You look taller in real life.
Truth is, Mintz was so busy
timing his wife's breathing,
he didn't realize that Med Tech
needed Global
more than the other way around.
Ten days, two weeks tops, they would have
approached you with an offer,
and I'm willing to bet anything
it would have been 130 billion not 122.
The trouble was, Peter,
you had a pussycat running the show.
What you needed was a Doberman.
-I'm impressed.
-[laughs]
I really am.
Now, about my car.
Sure. We're gonna have
to special order that tire,
so it'll be ready in a couple of days.
All right. This is my office address.
Why don't you drop off the car yourself?
[upbeat music]
We're really more of a boutique operation,
as you can see.
But you're not interested
in boutique dollars. I get it.
He's expecting you, Mr. Lassiter.
Alan, this is Jack Campbell,
the one I was telling you about.
-Of course. Jack. Hi.
-Mister Mintz.
No, no, just call me Alan.
We like to cultivate
a very casual atmosphere around here.
-I can see that.
-Yes, but what can I tell you?
-Do you have kids?
-Uh…
Actually, yes. Two of them. Good ones.
Great, great. Why don't you have a seat?
Uh, Peter mentioned to me
that you're an avid CNBC watcher.
[laughs]
But he didn't say whether you had
any actual Wall Street experience.
I was a sales associate at EF Hutton.
A broker, really?
And now you're in the tire business?
That's right. And auto supply.
In the retail end, I understand.
Uh, we get about 60 percent
of our business from automotive service.
And do you mind me asking
what kind of sales you did last year?
-Just ball park.
-We did 1.7 million total revenue.
1.7. That's great.
And what do you project for this year?
I think we're gonna have a banner year.
Sales are up almost 20 percent
in the first quarter
and we just landed
a major trucking company account.
You did? Isn't that great?
That's terrific.
So that puts you just a tad
over two million?
That's right. And that would make us
number one in our market.
Excuse me. I'm gonna get a glass of water.
Look, I know our paltry
little 2 million dollars in sales
is about what you spend a year
on office supplies.
And some regional trucking company account
is nothing compared
to a multi-billion-dollar merger.
Oh, no, no, no. I'm not trying
to knock the tire business.
It's okay, Alan. I get it.
If I'm in your shoes,
I'm thinking exactly the same thing,
but here's the deal.
Business is business.
Wall Street, Main Street.
It's all just a bunch of people
getting up in the morning,
trying to figure out how the hell
they're going to send
their kids to college.
It's just people, and I know people.
-Oh, I'm sure you do.
-Take you, for instance, Alan.
You have a certain energy about you,
it's an active kind of energy.
I wouldn't be surprised
if you drank about 16 Diet Cokes a day.
You're an excellent father,
but you feel guilty about the time
you spend away from home.
You drink bourbon,
but you offer your clients Scotch.
And your wife decorated this office.
[laughing]
He certainly seems to have your number.
You're a little tougher, Peter.
For one thing, you like expensive things.
That's easy. You've seen my car.
You smoke Hoyo de Monterreys.
You're a Scotch man, single malt,
not because it's trendy
but because you've been doing it
for the last forty years
and you like to stay with what works.
You have two great loves in your life,
your horses and this company.
And you're a man who prides
himself in finding talent
in unusual places.
-How would you know that?
-Because I'm here.
I'm prepared to do whatever it takes
to get this job.
I'll start wherever I have to start.
I'll park cars if I have to.
The biggest part of judging character
is knowing yourself, and I know this.
I can do this job. I can.
Give me a chance, Peter.
I won't let you down.
Alan, why don't you show Jack around?
This is our war room.
We did seven major deals
in here last year.
-Three of them… hostile.
-Seven?
Yeah. You get a kind of a feeling,
you know.
Can we cut the shit here for a minute?
What do you do?
Where did you get that information?
Did you go through his wallet?
Did you surf some net? Something?
It doesn't really matter because
that circus act you pulled back there
may have dazzled Lassiter,
but it doesn't cut any shit with me.
Even if you get this job,
which I highly doubt,
let me just give you
just a little word of warning.
Peter Lassiter gets tired of his
pet projects very, very, very quickly.
I've got that big office in there
because I prove myself to him
year after year after year.
And nobody is gonna come in here
and turn the old man's head,
especially not some tire salesman
from New Jersey.
So if you're cautious and you're quiet,
you watch yourself,
you stay away from Lassiter,
maybe I'll think about keeping you
on here after he gets bored with you.
Do we understand each other?
[laughs]
Alan!
God, you really are different, aren't you?
-Excuse me?
-I mean, wow!
I'm impressed. I'm impressed.
[laughs]
Good for you.
-Are we understanding each other?
-Yes, Alan, I understand you.
-Okay then.
-Good.
-Okay.
[laughs]
Okay.
Alan!
Keep your eyes closed. Hold on.
[giggles]
Go ahead. Open your eyes.
Welcome to Xanadu.
[keys jingle]
It's pretty incredible, isn't it?
-It's like a museum.
-Uh-huh.
Look around.
So what's the big surprise?
You didn't rent this
for the weekend, did you?
Think bigger.
-For the week?
-This place is a perk, Kate.
-A perk?
-Mm-hm.
For what?
A company called PK Lassiter
Investment House
uses it to attract new executives.
I'm going into arbitrage, honey.
It turns out I have a knack for it.
Jack, what are you talking about?
I'll be making twice what I make now,
plus a hefty bonus.
And that's just to start.
And we can live in this apartment
practically rent free
until we find a place of our own.
Are you out of your mind?
I don't think so.
This is gonna be a better life
for all of us.
We can put Annie and Josh
into private schools.
Annie goes to a great school, Jack.
I'm talking about the best schools
in the country here, Kate.
Jack, what could you possibly be
thinking about?
What about… what about my job?
Well, this is New York City.
It's like the needy people
capital of the world.
Your Jersey clients aren't a tenth
as pathetic as the ones you can find here.
[laughs]
I can't even believe you're talking
about moving back into the city, Jack.
I thought the reason we left
was because we didn't want
to raise the kids here.
No. No.
This is the center of the universe.
If I were living in Roman times,
I would live in Rome. Where else?
"Today, America is the Roman empire.
New York is Rome itself."
-John Lennon.
-Jack!
Listen. Okay, you know something?
I'm detecting, like, a funky tension here.
And this was supposed to be
a happy day, so guess what?
I don't need this.
We don't have to live here. Forget it.
-I'll commute. I'll drive to work.
-[grunts]
In traffic, Jack,
it's over an hour each way.
That's like three hours every day.
When are you ever going to see the kids?
Kate.
[sighs]
You're not understanding me.
I'm talking about a perfect life,
a great life.
Everything we pictured when we were young.
The whole package. You said so yourself.
Life has thrown us a few surprises.
We made sacrifices. Well, guess what?
Now I can finally get us back on track.
I can do that, Kate.
I want to do that.
I need to do that as a man!
For all of us.
Please just think about this
for one second.
No more lousy restaurants.
No more clipping coupons.
No more shoveling snow.
Then get a goddamn snowblower, Jack!
Don't go get a new career
without even telling me about it.
And don't… don't take Annie
out of a school she loves.
And don't move us out of a house
we've become a family in.
[sobs]
You're… You're…
Don't you see it?
I'm talking about us finally having a life
that other people envy.
Oh, Jack.
They already do envy us.
[somber music]
From London to New York.
I came back.
When you got on that plane,
I was sure it was over.
I left the airport
afraid I'd never see you again.
And then you showed up the very next day.
That was a good surprise.
You know,
I think about the decision you made.
Maybe I was being naive, but I believed
that we would grow old together
in this house,
that we'd spend holidays here and…
have our grandchildren come visit us here.
I had this image of us
all gray and wrinkly,
and me working in the garden,
and you repainting the deck.
[sniffles, sighs]
But things change.
If you need this, Jack,
if you really need this,
I will take these kids
from a life they love,
and I'll take myself from the only home
we've ever shared together,
and I'll move wherever you need to go.
I'll do that because I love you.
I love you,
and that's more important to me
than our address.
I choose us.
[light music]
[Jack] Oh. I'm gonna chase you.
You can't catch me.
No, you can't. You can't.
[both giggling]
[Jack] Oh!
[giggling, panting]
Whoa! Oh. Whoops!
I fell down.
[panting]
I knew you'd come back.
[whimsical music]
Oh, Annie.
I love you.
[bell ringing]
-What are you doing?
-Ringing my bell.
4.99? It's just salt, for god's sake.
[store clerk] Ninety-nine cents, darling.
-[door chimes]
-Out of ten.
-You.
-Jack!
What's up? How you feeling, baby?
Why are you here?
Here's your change, darling.
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, one.
Is that rock salt?
Look at you, man.
Went and got all domestic and everything.
You really figured some things out, huh?
You're not sending me back.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah.
-Hey, did you hear me?
-Wait a second.
I'm talking to you.
[scoffs]
You see that?
Character. And for what, for nine bucks?
I mean, that's just so disappointing.
I'm not going back. You understand me?
-Okay, relax, Jack.
-You can't do this.
You can't keep coming in and out
of people's lives, messing things up.
It's not right.
A glimpse, by definition,
is an impermanent thing, Jack.
[bag rustles]
I've got kids. I'm going home.
[somber music]
Is it morning yet?
No, honey.
Go back to sleep.
Take care, Annie.
[whispers]
I'm going back to the mother ship.
Hey.
These past few weeks,
I know I've done some…
some unusual things.
[scoffs]
It's been interesting, that's for sure.
I've done some good things,
too, though, haven't I?
You've been Jack Campbell,
and that's always a good thing.
I need you to remember me, Kate.
How I am right now…
at this very moment.
I need you to put that image
in your heart and keep it there.
Keep it with you no matter what happens.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Please just promise me.
You have to promise me, Kate,
because if you don't,
then it's like it never happened,
and I don't think I can live with that.
I promise.
[in soft voice]
Promise me again.
-I promise.
-Okay.
Now come to bed.
Soon.
[light music]
[music intensifies]
[phone ringing]
[phone continues ringing]
Yeah.
[man] Hello, Mr. Campbell?
What time is it?
Okay. Yeah.
[clattering]
[clicks]
[exhales sharply]
Waiting for me by the door, huh?
Paula.
Wow.
Merry Christmas.
Christmas? It's not Christmas.
It's whatever you want it to be, Jack.
It's not Christmas.
Jack. Jack?
[engine revving]
[engine stops]
[car door closes]
[light music]
Can I help you?
Is Kate here?
-Does Kate live here?
-Kate? No.
There's nobody named Kate here.
Of course not.
You okay?
No.
[cellphone ringing]
[cellphone continues ringing]
Hello.
Santa Claus, where are you?
Everybody's here.
-Adelle?
-You're a half an hour late.
The emergency strategy session,
trip to Aspen?
Is this ringing any bells?
[Adelle] Everybody is panicked here, Jack.
Jack?
I'll be there in 20 minutes.
No. No, I'm not gonna go talk to them
until I have something
to talk to them about.
Steve. Steve,
I don't care if it's Christmas day.
We're in crisis here. Wait a minute.
Jack just walked in. I'll call you back.
Jack. Thank god that you're…
You're here. Are you all right?
What's going on here?
What's… Well, it's not good.
Bob Thomas has been talking
to a European drug company, Jack,
and we don't know which one.
And they're gonna let Bob
buy a minority stake,
and at the same time,
let him keep running the entire company.
And global knows, Jack. They know.
I don't know how they know, but they know,
and they're… up in the arms.
And they think somehow we should have been
prepared for this.
[laughs]
Prepared?
Oh, god, we're in trouble.
[sighs]
You know something, Alan?
Somewhere inside of you,
there's a much more assertive person.
Is this another one of those
Sun Tzu Art of War tricks?
[laughs]
No.
So what are we gonna do, Jack?
Jack?
I'll tell you exactly
what we're going to do.
You're going to do
whatever you have to do to find out
which European company
he's been talking to.
Then I'm going to clean myself up,
fly to Aspen and drink eggnog
with Bob Thomas.
His wife and kids will be playing
in the background in the snow
while I convince him
that the European company is the devil…
and Global is the answer to his prayers.
[scoffs]
Then I'm gonna spend
four hours skiing, alone.
Completely and utterly alone.
I'm going to do that
because that is my life,
that's what's real, and there's nothing
I can do to change that.
For Manhattan.
Kate Reynolds.
I need an address too.
It's very fragile, so I want you
to be really careful, okay?
[assistant] It's valuable.
It's over 300 years old.
You'll probably need
a few guys to carry it.
-All right.
-And the painting
is also very, very old,
so take extra care.
It means a lot to Kate, okay?
I appreciate it.
Yeah? What?
-Are you from the moving company?
-I'm Jack Campbell.
I'm an old… friend of Kate's.
Kate, some guy is here.
Yeah. Hey, Lori, did you call the airline
like I asked you to do?
It's like two hours…
-Jack.
-Kate.
God, it's been a long time. You look--
-You look great.
-Thanks.
I… Come on in. Come on in.
I'm just doing some…
Lori, do you know what happened
to those boxes?
I'm sorry.
No, no, no! You know what… Jack.
Don't. Please. I don't even care.
Oh, great. Thank you.
-What's going on?
-I'm moving to Paris.
[giggles]
Hey, Lori, have you seen that box?
It says "Jack" on it.
And I put it with the rest
of the Salvation Army stuff.
Do you want me to look for the box
or call the airline, Kate?
Hey, kind of under a little pressure here.
Hey, kind of giving up Christmas day
for my ex-boss here.
Hey, didn't seem to mind offering to help
when she was opening
the Prada bag I gave her.
-Maybe it's by the wardrobe boxes.
-Thank you.
-So you're moving.
-Yeah, to Paris.
My firm has an office there.
I'm gonna be heading it up.
Paris. Paris, France?
That's the one.
So you're… you're not at a nonprofit firm?
[chortles]
God, no, not with what they pay me.
-[giggles]
-Are you married?
[panting]
No, I never got married, Jack. You?
Not exactly.
Look, could we take a minute here,
maybe go get a cup of coffee or something?
-I'll go for a cup of coffee.
-Yes. I found it.
Congratulations.
Your earlier flight was cancelled,
but I got you out of Kennedy
on United at seven.
-Excellent.
-Am I good or what?
Yes, you're brilliant.
-Thank you. Here you go.
-[Lori] You're welcome.
It's just some old stuff of yours.
Do you ever think about us, Kate?
About what might have happened?
[somber music]
Jack, I'll tell you what.
If you're ever in Paris,
I want you to look me up
and we'll go
have that cup of coffee, okay?
Or cafe. Or cafe au lait.
Oh, wait. No, no, no!
Don't close that up.
I will never find this box again.
[Lori] Well, I marked it.
Just be more specific.
[overlapping dialogue]
-[tape snaps]
-[sighs]
-[Kate] Okay, we'll leave it open then.
-[Lori] I was just trying to close it up.
Make a right here.
Sir, you're gonna be late for your flight.
We're not going to the airport.
[light music]
[tense music]
You can't leave this here.
You can't park here!
[overlapping dialogue]
Kate! You can't go.
-Don't get on that plane.
-Jack?
Please, let's just
go have a cup of coffee.
That's all I'm asking for.
I'm sure there's another
flight to Paris tonight.
Jack.
[chuckles]
What are you doing here?
Do you need closure?
Because if you do, after all these years,
you got it, I'm okay. I'm fine.
I… I was heartbroken, Jack,
but I got over it, I moved on, and…
you should move on too.
Okay? I'm sorry.
I just can't… I've gotta go.
I… I'm sorry, Jack. I'm sorry. Excuse me.
Can I just… I'm sorry. I was here.
We have a house in Jersey!
We have two kids. Annie and Josh.
Annie's not much of a violin player,
but she tries real hard.
She's a little precocious,
but that's only because she says
what's on her mind.
And when she smiles…
[Jack sighs]
And Josh, he has your eyes.
He doesn't say much,
but we know he's smart.
He's always got his eyes open.
You know, he's always watching us.
Sometimes you can look at him
and you just know…
he's learning something new.
It's like witnessing a miracle.
The house is a mess, but it's ours.
After 122 more payments,
it's going to be ours.
And you, you're a nonprofit lawyer.
That's right. You're completely nonprofit.
But that doesn't seem to bother you.
And we're in love.
After 13 years of marriage,
we're still unbelievably in love.
You won't even let me touch you
till I've said it.
I sing to you.
Not all the time,
but definitely on special occasions.
And we've…
we've dealt with our share of surprises
and made a lot of sacrifices,
but we stayed together.
[sighs]
You see,
you're a better person than I am,
and it made me a better person
to be around you.
I don't know. Maybe…
maybe it was all just a dream.
Maybe I went to bed one lonely night
in December and I…
I imagined it all, but…
I swear, nothing's ever felt more real.
And if you get on that plane right now,
it'll disappear forever.
I know we could both go on
with our lives, and we'd both be fine.
But I've seen…
what we could be like together.
And I choose us.
Please, Kate.
One cup of coffee.
You can always go to Paris.
Just… please,
not tonight.
Okay, Jack.
Okay.
[grandiose music]
["This Could Be Heaven" by Seal playing]
♪ We should be right here ♪
♪ Get through all this fear ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
♪ 'Cause when it comes around ♪
♪ We should be right here ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
♪ This could be heaven ♪
♪ Maybe we can start a life today ♪
♪ Love instead of throwing it all away ♪
♪ This could be heaven ♪
♪ Whoever thought we would get this far ♪
♪ Trying for all these years ♪
♪ The thought that we would fade away ♪
♪ Is more then I could bear ♪
♪ I would do anything if you would stay ♪
♪ If you'd stay ♪
♪ We should be right here ♪
♪ Get through all this fear ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
♪ This could be heaven ♪
♪ Turning it all for human kind ♪
♪ With you by my side ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ This could be heaven ♪
♪ Sure we can decide to run away ♪
♪ But we run away from all this here
When… ♪
♪ This could be heaven ♪
♪ Ahh ♪
["You Stole My Bell"
by Elvis Costello playing]
♪ Oh ♪
♪ There is a place ♪
♪ Underneath the staircase ♪
♪ Where I keep the evidence ♪
♪ Of what once would offer peace ♪
♪ In a deep blue velvet box
Filled with joy and pride ♪
♪ Should I pick the locks? ♪
♪ Should I peek inside? ♪
♪ Can I stand the sight
Of those happy days? ♪
♪ Should I strike a match ♪
♪ Burn them all away? ♪
♪ 'Cause you stole my bell ♪
♪ And you broke my chime ♪
♪ And the clock spins 'round ♪
♪ But it won't keep time ♪
♪ There are many lovely girls ♪
♪ In this cold and loveless world ♪
♪ But not one is the equal of you ♪
♪ Heaven knows how much I love you ♪
♪ So here we are ♪
♪ But it's not quite like we thought ♪
♪ Those things were priceless then ♪
♪ Now I know, they can't be bought ♪
♪ In a deep blue velvet box
Fastened with a pin ♪
♪ Should I lift the lid? ♪
♪ Should I look within? ♪
♪ Was it my last chance
Or my first mistake? ♪
♪ Is it just a step
That we'll never take? ♪
♪ 'Cause you stole my bell ♪
♪ Then you broke my chime ♪
♪ And the clock spins 'round ♪
♪ But it won't keep time ♪
♪ There are many lovely girls ♪
♪ In this cold and loveless world ♪
♪ But not one is the equal of you ♪
♪ Heaven knows how much I love you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪